Add support for passing tokens as plaintext strings in addition to tokens file (#102)
iqm-finland/iqm-client: INTEGRATION_GUIDE.rst

Authentication
--------------

IQM uses Bearer token authentication to manage access to quantum computers.

> Currently there are two possible methods to get an authentication token:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, there are two possible ways of obtaining an authentication token:
```

1. OAuth 2.0 tokens using `Cortex CLI <https://github.com/iqm-finland/cortex-cli>`_ which

> is the recommended way to generate and refresh tokens.IQM client can use these tokens by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is the recommended way to generate and refresh tokens. IQM client can use these tokens by
```

reading an environment variable ``IQM_TOKENS_FILE`` pointing to the tokens file
managed by Cortex CLI.

> 2. Plaintext token obtained from the server dashboard. These tokens have longer lifespan

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Plaintext token obtained from a server dashboard. These tokens may have a longer lifespan
```

Authentication
--------------

> IQM uses Bearer token authentication to manage access to quantum computers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IQM uses Bearer token authentication to manage access to quantum computers.
Currently, there are two possible ways of providing an authentication token
to IQM client:

1. OAuth 2.0 tokens using `Cortex CLI <https://github.com/iqm-finland/cortex-cli>`_ which
is the recommended way to generate and refresh tokens. IQM client can use these tokens by
reading an environment variable ``IQM_TOKENS_FILE`` pointing to the tokens file managed by
Cortex CLI.

2. Plaintext token obtained from a server dashboard. These tokens may have longer lifespan
than access tokens generated by Cortex CLI, and thus IQM client won't attempt to refresh
them. The generated token is set as the `IQM_TOKEN` environment variable, and IQM client
reads it from there. The recommended usage is to set the environment variable in
`.bashrc`/`.zshrc` so that it's set up automatically for each terminal session.

Note that a server may not support both authentication methods. The supported
authentication methods and their instructions are provided at the server's front page.
```

Reviewer: Please replace the entire paragraph with this 🙏

Authentication
--------------

> IQM uses Bearer token authentication to manage access to quantum computers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
IQM uses bearer token authentication to manage access to quantum computers.
```

Currently, there are two alternative ways of providing an authentication token
to IQM client:

1. OAuth 2.0 tokens using `Cortex CLI <https://github.com/iqm-finland/cortex-cli>`_ which
is the recommended way to generate and refresh tokens. IQM client can use these tokens by
reading an environment variable ``IQM_TOKENS_FILE`` pointing to the tokens file managed by
Cortex CLI.

2. Plaintext token obtained from a server dashboard. These tokens may have longer lifespan
than access tokens generated by Cortex CLI, and thus IQM client won't attempt to refresh
them. The generated token is set as the `IQM_TOKEN` environment variable, and IQM client
reads it from there. The recommended usage is to set the environment variable in
`.bashrc`/`.zshrc` so that it's set up automatically for each terminal session.

Note that a server may not support both authentication methods. The supported

> authentication methods and their instructions are provided at the server's front page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
authentication methods and their instructions are provided on the server's front page.
```
